1. Introduction123

This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Crypto Recovery, collect, use, store, transfer and protect your personal data that you provide to us or
that are otherwise receive by or automaticly generated by us in connection with your use of our Internet platform (website). For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, "we", "us" and "our" refer to the limited
liability company "DUST FOUNDATION", and "you", "your" refer to you, the users of our platform and its services. 

1.2. Terms of use of the Crypto Recovery Internet platform. This Privacy Policy which is available at ссылка на сайт is an integral part of our User agreement, which should be set out the conditions under which you can use our
services, and is considered only in conjunction with the abovementioned User agreement.

1.3. Privacy principles

 Crypto Recovery adheres to the following principles of personal data collection and processing:

 We do not use your data to display advertisements.
 We store only the data necessary for Crypto Recovery to operate as a secure and multi-functional educational platform in the cryptocurrency domain. 

2. Legal basis for processing your personal data

2.1. Legal basis for the processing of personal data is your consent to the processing of personal data, Regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council (EU) 2016/679
on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and on the repeal of Directive 95/46 /EU (General Data Protection Regulation) https://gdpr.algolia.com/

2.2. Processing of personal data is carried out for specific and legal purposes, determined with the consent of the subject of personal data, or in cases provided for by law, in the manner specified by it. 

2.3. Basis for processing personal data are:

   1. consent of the subject of personal data to processing of his personal data;
   2. permission to process personal data granted to the owner of personal data in accordance with the law exclusively for the exercise of his powers;
   3. conclusion and execution of a transaction to which the subject of personal data is a party or which was concluded for the benefit of the subject of personal data or for the
      implementation of measures preceding the conclusion of the transaction at the request of the subject of personal data;
   4. protection of vital interests of the subject of personal data;
   5. the need to fulfill the obligation of the owner of personal data, which is provided by law;
   6. the need to protect the legitimate interests of the owner of personal data or a third party to whom personal data is transferred, except in cases where the needs to protect
      the fundamental rights and freedoms of the subject of personal data in connection with the processing of his data prevail over such interests. 

2.4. We process your personal data only to the extent necessary to provide effective and innovative services to our users, as well as to detect, prevent or otherwise solve fraud or
security problems, primarily taking care of your interests and protecting your fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal data. 

3. What personal data do we use

3.1. Basic account information

When registering on the Crypto Recovery platform, you use your profiles created in Telegram. At the time of registration, the platform receives the following data from the user: 

e-mail;
nickname (user name);
ID and nickname from Telegram;

3.2. The user specifies his name at his own discretion. We do not verify its authenticity. The name is used to make it easier for us, your contacts, and other people to contact you. 

3.3. email address

The address will only be used to send you messages related to your use of the resources and services of the platform, for example, a password recovery code if you forget it. You will not receive any marketing messages. 

3.4. We use Telegram for communication between platform members.Telegram are cloud services. Messages, photos, videos, and documents from cloud chats are stored on Telegram servers in accordance with their privacy policies and user rules

3.5. Crypto Recovery collects only those personal data that are consciously and voluntarily provided by you as a subject of personal data for the purpose of using the services
of the platform, on the basis of the consent to the processing of personal data obtained during the registration, which in accordance with the requirements of the law is the
consent of the subject of personal data to their personal data processing, in accordance with the purpose of processing formulated in this Policy. 

When visiting the platform and using its services, all logins to the system may be recorded. Other user traffic information is not processed or stored.

We do not collect any information that is required by law to be processed, such as information about racial or ethnic origin, political, religious, or ideological beliefs, 
membership in political parties and trade unions, criminal convictions for a crime or criminal convictions, as well as data related to health, sexual life, biometric or genetic data.  

We may collect data about statistics of visits to the Site. The information may contain information about
the connection, traffic, the user's browser, as well as information about the date, time, time spent on the Internet, and time spent on the Site. 

4. Cookies

4.1. We use cookies in accordance withCookies policy. 

5. Processing of your personal data

5.1. Our services

We will process your data to ensure your comfortable and safe use of Crypto Recovery services and products. 

The processing and storage of the provided personal data is carried out in data centers where the equipment that ensures the functioning of the site's services is located. 
The provided personal data is processed and may be stored in the personal database or a separate table of the platform database. 

5.2. Protection of personal data

In compliance with the legislation on the protection of personal data (including international legislation - GDPR) our web platform guarantees its security.

Dissemination of personal data without the consent of the subject of personal data or a person authorized by him is allowed in cases defined by law and only (if necessary) in the interests of national security, 
economic well-being, and human rights. 

5.3. Advanced features

We may use some aggregated data about the way you use the Crypto Recovery platform to create useful features.
For example, integrate a Telegram bot that will help minimize your presence on the site, and show the data you choose, taking into account the activity for the day. 

6. Payment services of third parties

6.1. Payment information

7. To whom your personal data may be transferred

7.1. Police

If Crypto Recovery receives a court order/judgment confirming that you are suspected of terrorism, we may disclose your information, namely IP address,
e-mail, user name, nickname, ID and nickname from Telegram, ID and nickname from Discord, avatar and phone number to the relevant authorities.
This has never happened before. When this happens, we will include it in the semi-annual transparency report published at https://dust.foundation/openreport

8. Your rights regarding the personal data you provide to us

8.1. Your rights

Under applicable data protection laws, you have rights in certain circumstances regarding your personal data.

You have the right to:

    1.request a copy of all your personal data that we hold and transfer that copy to another data controller;
    2.delete or modify personal data;
    3.restrict or object to the processing of your personal data;
    4.correct any inaccurate or incomplete personal data we hold about you;
    5.lodge a complaint with national data protection authorities regarding our processing of your personal data. 

9.2. Exercising your rights

If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact us and submit your application to our support in Telegram.

Unfortunately, if you are not satisfied with the minimum requirements of Crypto Recovery, we will not be able to provide you with services.  

10. Data deletion

10.1. Account self-destruction

By default, if you stop using the Crypto Recovery platform and do not use for a period of minimum 24 months.


11. Changes to this Privacy Policy

We will review and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy shall take effect when we post the revised Privacy Policy on this page at ссылка на сайт.
Please check our website regularly for any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy, we will provide a summary of the changes below. 













